Add ingress class label to all prometheus metrics (#827)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs-web/logging-and-monitoring/prometheus.md

  * `controller_virtualserverroute_resources_total`. Number of handled VirtualServerRoute resources. **Note**: The metric counts only VirtualServerRoutes that have a reference from a VirtualServer.

**Note**: all metrics have the namespace nginx_ingress. For example, nginx_ingress_controller_nginx_reloads_total.

> **Note**: all metrics include the label `class` which is set to the `ingress-class` of the Ingress Controller deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: all metrics include the label `class`, which is set to the class of the Ingress Controller. The class is configured via the `-ingress-class` command-line argument.
```
